well thank you very much and a very
special hello to Arizona thank you very
much
thank
you and I'm thrilled to be back at this
incredible state with thousands of very
very hardworking American Patriots thank
you very much
everybody so as you know early voting oh
we're finally here we just oh we can't
take this any longer we don't like
incompetent people do we we don't like
incomp these people are grossly
incompetent they're going to be changed
we have no choice we have to change them
and we have
change them on November 5th going to be
the most important day in the history of
our country I believe that
too early voting is underway here in
Arizona and we're doing great in Arizona
I don't know if you've been
hearing they got a problem they got a
problem got to make it too big to rig
too big to rig
right but if you want vote by mail
tomorrow is your last day to request a
ballot but you can cast your early vote
in person all the way through November
1st or you can vote on Election Day
which is just get out and vote you got
to go vote we got to save it we have a
this we call it a nation in Decline
we're being nice when we say that with
your help 12 days from now we're going
to win Arizona we're going to defeat CA
Harris
and we're going to make America great
again that's what we're going to
do over the past four years kamla Harris
has orchestrated the most egregious
betrayal that any leader in American
history has ever inflicted Upon Our
People she has eradicated our Sovereign
border and she has Unleashed an army of
Migrant gangs who are waging a campaign
of violence and Terror against our
citizens and my message today is very
simple comm's migrant Invasion given to
us through gross incompetence
disqualifies her from even thinking
about being president we can't let that
happen no person who is responsible for
so much Bloodshed and Death on our soil
can ever be allowed to become the
president of the United States what
she's done and he's done crooked Joe and
kamla what a combination worst
combination in the history of our
country and they've weaponized your
government they're a disgrace to our
country 4 years ago we had the strongest
safest and most secure Border in US
history with the lowest level of illegal
immigration ever achieved four years ago
put up the chart go ahead put it up my
favorite chart
that was the low there was the day I
left
office we we did great in 2016 we got
millions more votes in 2020 but that's
the way it goes but this is our big this
is bigger than anything this is going to
be the biggest and most important
election ever it's going to be the
biggest political event I believe in our
country's history we have to win and we
don't need it for the big political
event we need it to save our
country when Cala came in she
deliberately dismantled our border and
threw open the gates he threw them
open the gates to an invasion of
criminal migrants from prisons and jails
from insane asylums and mental
institutions from all over the world
from Venezuela to the Congo in Africa
lot of people coming out of the Congo
not just South America they coming from
181 countries as of
yesterday right in we're a Dumping
Ground we're like a we're like a garbage
can for the
world that's what's happened that's
what's happened to
we're like a garbage
can you know it's the first time I've
ever said that and every time I come up
and talk about what they've done to a
country I get angrier and angrier first
time I've ever said garbage can but you
know what it's a very accurate
description meanwhile she cruy forced
our border agents to help facilitate her
Wicked betrayal of America and by the
way the border patrol last week gave us
their complete and total endorsement and
they said she is the
worst I want to thank
them and they at the same time they said
she is so bad she's the worst you can't
have her and they don't want to do that
it's probably not easy for them to do
that but you know what they said she's
horrible she was the bordar and she
never made one phone call not only
didn't she come to the Border she never
made a phone call and now a few months
ago when her she was getting killed both
of them him and her they were getting
killed they made it a little bit tougher
but they forgot to stop the airplanes
going overhead we said how come those
planes are still flying hundreds of
thousands of people flown into our
country Landing in our beautiful Midwest
and other places and they're devastated
you know what's happening to Springfield
Ohio and Aurora and
Colorado what they're doing to our
country we are joined today by the
former senior border patrol chief of the
San Diego sector Aaron
HEI and I witnessed to one of the most
horrific scandals in American history
carried out by Kamala well she was
appointed by this guy because he has to
go to sleep every night at
4:00 and she was appointed by him and
therefore she was the borders are but
she doesn't want to be called so who
cares what she is she was appointed to
take care of our border we had the worst
border and now and by the way she also
destroyed San Francisco one of the
greatest cities in the world 15 16 years
ago in California when she was attorney
general a disaster between her and Gavin
nsam is the
worst but it's deadly what they've done
is deadly the open border policy is a
disaster Aaron please come up and say a
few words border
Patrol I've never seen anything worse
than the last four years that I've seen
under the current Administration I had
to play pleasure of working for
president Trump and his things were
never
better I had The Misfortune of spending
the last four years watching our border
be
overrun it's been
nonstop the agents morale has been
destroyed it's
been it's been very difficult to watch
uh I testified in front of the Senate
recently to get the word out the public
doesn't know this Administration has
continued to say there's no threat at
the
border we have a continuous threat a
serious threat at the border that needs
to be addressed and it needs to be
addressed now thank you
sir thank you
Aaron and that's heartfelt too that's
heartfelt he just wants it to be
straightened out along with one of the
incredible people getting their
endorsement was my great honor but it
says something and we had unanimous
thousands of people unanimous who could
ever get that because she's so bad she's
so bad she's I watched last night I
don't watch CNN often it's fake news but
I watched last night oh there they oops
the camera just went
off I watched last night she did a town
hall I honestly it was
pathetic it was
pathetic there's never been anything
like
that we can't let it happen we can't gu
why you have to get everyone's saying
how well we're doing you still get out
the people that haven't voted get out of
vote we can't take a chance we can't
take a chance on This Disaster
continuing because we won't have a
country left if it does the fouryear
long nightmare that kamla Harris has
forced
your men to endure your men your women
your children it's a it's a nightmare
for the
whole planet you want to know the truth
because we we represent so much we
represent the American dream the whole
world is watching us and they see these
people that that don't deserve to be in
any position of authority remember he
got whether you like him or not I'm not
a fan of his did you see last night he
blew it he said
lock him up he would he said lock him up
last night he's not allowed to say that
he's such a stupid
guy such a stupid
fool he's such a guy what a but they
actually remember this this was the they
took it away from they did something
that's never happened you know you can
use different words but they just took
away the presidency the United States
and they wanted to be politically
correct they gave it to her and she was
last she was the first one out and she
came in out of the top 13 contenders she
came in last and they gave her the she
got no vote she got 14 million whether
you like this guy or not and not too
many people are
thrilled and you know if you remember we
had a debate and debate it he didn't do
great in the debate but you know what
that's what happens and he went down and
he was not doing great but
you got to let them ride it out right
instead they took him out they said
you're coming out we're not going to let
you they tell this to the president this
is crazy Nancy she's crazy as a bed bug
that
one she's a nut
job who's crooked as hell listen she
started off with
nothing two weeks ago a company that was
going to be investigated the following
day she had a lot of stock in the
company she sold the stock the day
before they announced the investigation
of the company that's crazy
Nancy no I think she's immune from
investigation can you can you believe I
think she's immune but
uh not a good person so when I win on
November 5th the migrate and remember
this we're going to win I think we're
going to win maybe bigger than anyone
understands
and when I win on November 5th and it's
not me we win we're going to win when we
win on November 5th the migrant Invasion
ends and the restoration of our country
begins we're going to restore our
c one of the deadliest and most vicious
migrant gangs that Kamala has imported
into a country essentially she open
borders when you say open borders and
then they said we're going to give you
Health Care education we're going to
give they're forced to come up right
Sheriff you look good handsome
guy
but they they come in it's like a magnet
they come in they promised everything
they in New York they get hotel rooms
luxury hotel rooms and our veterans are
forced to sleep on the
streets think of
it but is the Savage Venezuela prison
gang formed in the prison Tren de
araga that is taking over apartment
complexes and unleashing a violent
Terror spree this is in in that case in
Colorado and the governor who's a
radical left Democrat is petrified of
the situation he doesn't know what to do
he doesn't know what to do replace him I
think we replace him I think I hope
Colorado you know Colorado with the
governor this weak guy Colorado was the
one that tried to get Trump I'm leading
every candidate including the Democrats
on the ballot and they put in a petition
to have me removed from the ballot and
then they
say think of
it they didn't get very far but this guy
tried that so and then they say I'm a
threat to democracy I'm a threat no
they're a
threat but they even are taking over
parts of Times Square they're all over
the place now and they have weapons like
very few people have so let's take a
look
States
and
that's what we have thanks a lot kamla
thanks a lot kamla we appreciate
it the United States is now an occupied
country but it will soon be an occupied
country no longer we're not going to
have this November 5th 2024 will be
called Liberation day in America we're
going to be
liberated under kamla Harris
13,099 this information right from the
border patrol not even believable
13,99 illegal alien convicted murderers
were
set to pray upon the United States of
America think of that and 4 4 25,000
convicted criminal aliens were released
into our country over the last three and
a half years think of that 425,000 last
year an illegal alien was arrested at
the Arizona border and then released
into the United States by kamala's
horrible open border policy he went on
to repeatedly rape and strangle a woman
killing some they don't know how many
and is now facing over a hundred years
in prison thank you very much Kam we
appreciate it through our open border
kamla Harris is also actively aiding and
abetting the worst human traffickers
child Smugglers drug dealers
bloodthirsty criminal networks we have
them all the worst murderers in the
world they make our criminals look like
nice people telling you the cartel's
profits have soared from $500 million a
year under Trump to $13 billion under
the borders are Kamala and every day
they're stealing innocent lives on both
sides of the Border they're killing
people left and right nobody knows it
and the fake news right back there they
don't want to report
it they don't want to report it they
don't put you know when I put these I
have friends they love the rallies they
want to watch the rallies and they
always do and the other day one of my
friends said you know we love the Ries
but you put up these Great Clips that
are very descri
and the fake news will not put the
camera on the clips I didn't know that
you know I just heard
that and we tell them to do it we tell
them to do it but they don't do it they
just keep that camera zoomed in on me
such a waste of
time now we have some clips they're
great clips and the people at home we
got millions of people watching on
television but uh they won't move those
cameras I try and shame them I do
whatever I can they just they just
they're just bad people and until we get
a fair and Free Press in this country
they're just bad
people I mean look how easy here you
have all they have to do is just go huh
huh one inch this way and one inch this
way and you got it they don't want to do
that they're the enemy of the people I
they are they're the enemy of the I've
been asked not to say it I don't want to
say it they're the enemy of the people
and someday they're not going to be the
enemy of the people I
hope just days ago a young US Marine
Corps veteran
named Nicholas qu from right here in
Arizona you know about it was driving
through Mexico for a beach weekend just
a weekend with his friends a really good
a good guy good kid when he was
viciously gunned down on the highway and
murdered by members of a Mexican
cartel and uh it was brutal for no
reason whatsoever and we're joined today
by Nick's wife Carrie his father Warren
his mother Patricia his sister Alexis
and his brother-in-law Phil could you
please stand up wherever you may be you
please stand up
a beautiful guy a beautiful family and
we are so sorry if your L can't be
expressed thank you very much under the
Trump Administration we will achieve
complete and total victory over these
sadistic monsters we will reclaim our
territory we will restore The Sovereign
borders of the United States of America
and we will put the cartels quickly out
of business they're going to be gone
immediately upon taking the oath of
office I will launch the largest
deportation program in American history
to get a
out and I will rescue every town across
America that's been invaded and
conquered these towns have been
conquered
yes and we will put these vicious and
bloodthirsty criminals in jail or we'll
kick them the hell out of our country as
fast as
we and to expedite removals of trend day
aragua and other Savage gangs like MS13
just as
bad just as bad these are really violent
people MS13 on Long Island they like
Long Island we put up thousands we took
out ice they're great people our ice you
know she wants a terminate ice who's
going to remove these people terminated
ice they're tough and they love the
country but think of this two young
girls walking to school 16 years old
they don't like using guns because
knives are more painful they sliced them
up into pieces killed them both and then
went about playing and doing whatever
the hell they were doing and Ice went in
and grabbed them and got them and they
wish they didn't do that to those two
young girls they were walking to school
two beautiful perfect young girls
walking to school they got knifed to
death both of them cut up and we got to
get these animals out of here
fast only going to be
worse and to do so I have to go back a
long way because you know that's when
they ran a little tougher
country and nowadays everything's so
politically correct
they fight harder for the criminal than
they do for the people that have been
murdered
killed these stupid
politicians I will invoke the alien
enemies Act of
1798 can you believe that to go
back to Target and dismantle every
migrant criminal Network operating on
American
soil can you imagine having to go back
to 1798
and if they come back into our country
it's an automatic 10 years in jail with
no possibility of
Pearl and I'm here by calling for the
death penalty for any migrant that kills
an American citizen or a law enforcement
officer
us
thank I will end Catch and Release you
know we had a policy called remain in
Mexico people think that was easier to
get that was so good they ended it
immediately I will end all migrant
flights I will Outlaw Sanctuary cities
which is a place
where they give criminal Sanctuary I
will immediately ask Congress for
funding to hire 10,000 new border agents
and to approve a 10% raise for existing
agents and a $10,000 retention and
signing bonus we're doing it they've
been treated
unfairly and I will ban all welfare and
federal benefits from illegal aliens and
they won't come anymore they won't come
and in yet another incoherent train
wreck of a television interview
yesterday kamla Harris stated once again
that she opposes any plan to send her
illegal aliens back home she opposes
Deport I don't think she knew what the
hell she was saying you want I actually
saw it I said I think she must have
misunderstood she'll say I didn't
understand the question she does she's
got she's a low IQ individual I'm
telling you I'm good at this stuff she's
a low IQ
person she opposes deportations can you
believe it she doesn't want them
sheriffs she doesn't want them
deported we have a man over here one of
the greats of all time stand up Joe
stand
up one of the great of all time stand up
he didn't play games at the
border Sheriff Joe
he didn't play
games he's a great one we miss his wife
we miss his wife she died a couple of
years ago we miss her she loved this guy
can you imagine she was in love with him
like crazy who the hell could love him
but you know what he got the job done he
got that job done right no games and he
did it fairly thank you very much for
being it's very
nice I didn't know you're going to be
here it's appropriate that you're here
frankly you know that he did a real job
you didn't have the problems that you
have today the day they just walk in you
got those weak politicians those
pathetic politicians and by the way
speaking of non-weak I really hope
you're going to go out and vote for
Carrie Lake for
set where is
she thank you k
and thank you Karen good luck and you
know what I want you to do now get up
and go to that television show she's
doing Laura Ingram and Laura Ingram has
been great and we want you to do great
you go ahead the whole place we're going
to clap as you leave go ahead come
on Sheriff Sheriff
J than you thank you Carrie great great
job thank
you thank you
fell she's
terrific you know we had a deal I was
going to introduce her but I was going
to just sort of let her F I said isn't
it better if we just say cuz she has to
do a big show actually with Laura
Laura's been great too as you know and
so I said rather than have her sort of
like try and avoid I said go out to
wonderful Applause like and uh somehow
Sheriff Joe I think that worked out
pretty good right huh but he's never
leaving us this one here and comla
supports Mass amnesty and citizenship
for the human tidal wave and she's
brought it to us she's it's going to
come crashing down like you've never
seen this Title Wave we're going to
break this Title Wave we're going to end
it fast and we're going to have our
country back again every Arizona senior
needs to know that Comm plan for Mass
amnesty will obliterate Medicare and
Social Security they want to put these
people on Social Security and
Medicare and that's going to syn those
two things whereas I'm saving them and
I'm not raising the age like they will
have to do I'm not raising you'll never
see me raise the age we have liquid gold
we have so much wealth in this country
we have so much we don't have to play
around with Social Security like they
want to do they're going to destroy your
Social Security among many other among
our country they're going to destroy our
country so that's you know that's the
whole ball game if you want your
Medicare looted by 21 million illegal
aliens until there's nothing left and by
the way if they ever got in the Border
will be immediately opened and you'll
have 200 million people come in here you
have 200 million and there's no and
there will be no fracking Pennsylvania
there will be no fracking there will be
no nothing we'll have a country that
will be a disgrace and an
embarrassment nobody will even know
it'll happen so fast it can happen fast
look at Venezuela 15 years ago Venezuela
was a thriving incredible country and
now it's
I mean the people can't get a bottle of
water if you want to save Medicare and
save Social Security you must vote for a
gentleman named Donald J Trump have you
heard of
that you know it's an amazing stat but
virtually 100% of the net job creation
in the last year you know who it's gone
to migrants
they're creating jobs I didn't believe
it I actually have that Andy bigs I had
to have that number checked and I was
right the the jobs are going to people
that are pouring in this border invasion
of millions of people pouring in is
causing a job crisis for Black and
Hispanic population that's what's
happening Hispanic and black are losing
their jobs because of this and it makes
sense you got millions of people pouring
in people that have had their job that
have done a job for years they're losing
their job and it started with the black
and the Hispanic populations and we're
just not going to let it all happen it's
so disgraceful they don't want to show
you all of the jobs that the Black and
Hispanic people are losing because they
want to wait till after the election but
I've seen numbers and when you see those
numbers the election's going to be over
probably although
88,000 jobs were fently put in the on
the Rolls by these guys by these crooked
guys in Washington they lied and cheated
they said we had 18 think of that
88,000 jobs and we had a
whistleblower because they wanted to
revise it after the election and we had
a whistleblower and I wonder whoever the
hell that whistleblower was thank you
very much whistleblow we appreciate it
think of
that even after all of the pain and
suffering that she's caused when Camala
was asked if she would do anything
differently she said that she wouldn't
change not one thing let's watch
supp
off
it's pretty brutal isn't it isn't it
unbelievable so Arizona if you want to
end this disaster you must get out and
vote you have to vote we're not playing
game
so i' do
it and Jane your husband sitting on the
sofa watching
something he doesn't even know what he's
watching tell him Jimmy get up you're
getting up Jimmy let's go let's go
Jimmy I'm not going to use foul language
get your fat ass out of the couch you're
going to vote Jimmy you're going to vote
we're going to save our country
Jimmy we're going to save our
country now you got to go vote we're
pleased to be joined by a couple of
really great people two
senators they get it they really get it
and they Warriors Marco Rubio and Mike
Lee thank you Marco thank you
Mike thank
you two great guys and they are warriors
too
Representatives Eli Crane and Andy
BS thank you thank you fellas thank you
Eli thank
you Congressional candidate doing really
well Kelly Cooper who is my complete and
total endorsement and so do these
guys they all have my endorsement
everybody I've named including Sheriff
Joe has my
endorsement Arizona GOP chairwoman and
this woman has done a job and especially
well it's early voting and we are doing
record successful numbers and I think
it's going to stay that way Gina swaboda
where is Gina she is doing a job thank
you thank you honey great job you going
to keep it
goingn sir okay thank you
Jesus wow this is a big guy president of
Arizona State University College
Republicans Carson Carpenter thank you
he's done a fantastic job young
guy look a young guy huh he'll be up
here someday thank you very much
Carson and gar mom Alicia Lopez mother
of Fallen Marine Corporal Hunter Lopez
who lost his life in the failed
withdrawal from Afghanistan
thanks we want to thank you Alicia and
we will never forget Hunter where is
Alicia thank you thank you darling very
much thank you very much I've gotten to
know so many people from that horrible
event the most embarrassing horrible
event in the history of our country
because of that event Putin went into
Afghan Putin went into Ukraine that
Afghanistan event was such a disgrace
and it would have never happened we
would have kept bam we wouldn't have
taken the soldiers out first we wouldn't
have given them anything billions and
billions of dollars of equipment 13 dead
think of it 13 dead but so many
horrifically wounded with the arms and
the legs the whole thing nobody ever
mentions them I mention them all the
time because they're sitting home right
now they're
suffering and it should have never ever
happened and Putin think of this Putin
sat back and presidency of China and all
of them and they looked back and they
said oh the US must be a paper tiger
Putin would have never ever got in no
chance it wouldn't have happened no
chance I spoke to him about it it was
the apple of his eye I will tell you
that Ukraine was the apple of his eye
but he would have never gone in and he
understands that and uh to think of
what's happened and now you look at
Ukraine so many people have died those
beautiful old cities those magnificent
golden domes are laying down smashed to
Smither on their sides can they ever
rebuild that you're not going to rebuild
that they lost their whole culture for
that to have happened you could have
stopped that so easily Joe you didn't
know what the hell you were doing or
saying Joe what a shame what a different
country we would have had think of it
you wouldn't have inflation you wouldn't
have had the and we were getting out of
Afghanistan I spoke to Abdul he was the
head of the Taliban they said where did
you speak to him said because that's
where the death is he was the one and uh
for 18 months we didn't lose one soldier
in Afghanistan think of it 18 months
right and then these stupid people took
over and we lost those beautiful
soldiers most importantly were lost and
other people many people were killed
that day many many people people that
were from Afghanistan many many people
was
horrific but so Much Death and so
unnecessary but think of it that
wouldn't have happened we would have
been out but we would would have been
out with dignity and pride we would have
kept bam the Big Air Base one of the
biggest air bases in the world we built
it many years ago for billions of
dollars and it was one hour away from
where China makes its nuclear weapons
and we would have kept it for that
reason we were expecting to keep it but
they left there too they turned turned
off the lights and they left although a
lot of those lights were left on I
believe and they didn't take the dogs by
the way a lot of people say did they
take the dogs that these great German
Shepherd dogs no they didn't take the
dogs it's such a horrible thing that
happened and in a short period of time
so you had that and then you had Russia
going into Ukraine you have President
shei looking very strongly Taiwan you
know that he's been looking oh he's been
savoring he's been licking his chops on
that one right
and you had October 7th with Israel
would have never happened that would
have never all those people killed it
would have never happened none of it
would have happened we would have been a
whole different world right now we would
have been the world that Victor Orban
talked about he said he's the head of
Hungary strong person very strong leader
he said this would have never happened
if Trump were the president of the
United States
so but we'll fix it we'll fix it we'll
get it fixed also with us is Kristen
kulage the Widow of Phoenix police
officer zanen kulage who was shot and
killed last month in the line of duty
leaving behind his wife and his
beautiful five-month-old daughter I just
met them in backstage also could you
stand up wherever you may be oh that's
so beautiful thank
you and Kristen your husband was a true
hero they know they know him so well
over here everybody knew who exactly who
I was talking about and it was uh
wonderful to meet you but I'm so sorry
for what happened thank you very much
thank you for being here thank you thank
you
mom so we grieve with you and we stand
with you and we're going to stand with
everybody that we just uh we just
introduced you to but these are things
that would have never happened with
proper government with people that knew
what they were doing with maybe a little
bit of toughness I guess that's okay
right maybe a little bit of toughness
and a lot of common sense these things
would have never happened and these
wonderful people would be alive today
under my Administration we will once
again give our police and law
enforcement Heroes the support resources
protection and respect that they so
dearly
deserve right
we're going to bring back Law and Order
to America our country is going to
hell we rapidly build the greatest
economy in
history I will pass historic tax cuts
for workers and small businesses
including no tax on tips no tax on
overtime and no tax on Social Security
benefits for our seniors no
T and I will turn minate kamala's insane
electric vehicle mandate and we will end
the green news
scam trillions and trillions of dollars
being wasted on the green news scam
we're going to have the cleanest water
of anybody we had four years we had the
record clean water clean air but it's a
green news scam I will make interest on
car loans fully tax deductible but only
for cars made in America
thank
you and to a large degree the reason I
just came up with that idea people are
call me these Geniuses from Wall Street
what a great idea that was how did you
think of that I always say the paper
clip 129 years ago the paper clip
somebody looked at it said why didn't I
think at this some somebody got very
rich because affording a car is
essential to restoring the American
dream we're going to have those cars
made in Detroit they're going to be made
all over
Michigan we we might even have a couple
made here but who knows we we're going
to make plenty of other things here we
will quickly become energy independent
and we will Frack Frack frack and drill
baby drill look at that Frack Frack
Frack drill
baby and in
conclusion with your vote this November
we are going to
fire Camala Harris we're going to
fire get the
hell we're going to fire Camala we're
going to get her out of here
honestly you had a see it last night to
believe it people even reporters spoke
to me today they said we can't believe
it it's hard for them to justify you
know they're all controlled by the left
they control by the left totally
controlled I don't know what the hell we
have to free the reporters up because I
know some of them they're good people we
have to free them up we have to free
them from the
left and we're going to save
America with your support we will end
inflation slash your prices raise your
wages and bring thousands of factories
back to America and really a lot of
factories are coming right back here to
Arizona where they were taken from you
we will build American we will buy
American and we will hire American I
will end the war in Ukraine I will get
it stopped very
quickly I will stop the chaos in the
Middle East and I will prevent World War
II and we're very close to World War I
right
now and we will build a massive missile
defense shield to protect us we want
protection too don't we and it's going
to be made in the USA a lot of it right
here and we will land an American
astronaut on Mars thank you Elon thank
you get
going get that spaceship going Elon by
the way how good is Elon Musk you know
he's well we're having a good time here
today at this beautiful Arena this is a
beautiful Arena nice 72 degrees
everything Elon is Camp painting in
Pennsylvania and he's really working
hard Elon Musk between rocket ships you
ever see a rocket ship come down so
beautifully like
that I said why did you do that Elon he
said because I want to save the ship it
cost like a billion dollars to Bill I
said can anybody else do that no the
rest of them they drop them into the
ocean they start all over again now this
guy is great and he did us a bigger
favor right now he gave us the starlink
does anybody know
starlink
four he gave us starlink in North
Carolina some in Georgia some of the
areas that were hit by that horrible
hurricane and somebody from North
Carolina said do you know Elon Musk I
said yes how good was his endorsement I
mean his endorsement just kept coming
and coming he gets he said that we will
not have a country if we don't win this
election and he is a smart cookie in
fact he was over uh with with us last
couple of weeks over in Pennsylvania in
Butler and uh he saw something that he's
with all the rockets and starlinks and
everything else he said I've never seen
anything like it it was we had 101,000
people and it was incredible honoring a
wonderful man Corey firefighter and uh
it was a beautiful beautiful leing it's
a beautiful
Le but Elon got starlink and he said uh
the gentleman from North Carolina one of
the officials said to me is it possible
for you to get him to get a starlink I
said I can try what starlink and he told
me it's communication a form of
communication that's very good but hard
to get and I called Elon and he sent it
immediately hundreds of of adapters send
them sent them
immediately and I think he saved a lot
of a lot of lives so thank you Elon
musrat thank you good
job we will rebuild our cities including
our capital in Washington DC making them
safe clean and beautiful again we will
teach our children to love our country
to honor our history and to always
respect our Great American
flag we will get critical race Theory
and transgender Insanity we're going to
get him the hell out of our schools
immediately right
and something I'm always embarrassed to
even have to say it's so crazy we will
keep men out of women sports can you
believe who would have thought you have
to say that how about the the other good
one is PR we will give parents the
rights to watch over their child I mean
the school boards no I mean I have
things that I say that 10 years ago
would have been like who would ever
think of it we will keep men out of
women's sports it's crazy right it's
crazy I will defend religious liberty I
will restore free speech and I will
defend the right to keep and bear arms
our Second Amendment
right after years of building up foreign
Nations defending foreign borders and
protecting foreign lands we are finally
going to build up our country we are
going to defend our borders and we are
going to protect our
citizens we will stop all illegal
immigration once and for all and at once
we will stop stop it immediately we will
not be occupied we will not be conquered
we will be a free and proud Nation once
again everyone will prosper every family
will Thrive and every day will be filled
with opportunity hope and filled with
the American dream again we're bringing
back the American dream that's what
we're going to
do but for that to happen we must defeat
kamla Harris and stop her radical left
agenda with a landslide that is simply
too big to
rig and we're doing that we're doing
that we're doing that if these numbers
hold up and they probably will I mean
why wouldn't they who the hell wants
these people in office it's
crazy but the numbers are the biggest
anyone's ever seen even the fake news
says that it's uh pretty amazing but we
we want to wait and we're watching very
studiously early voting is underway get
everyone you know and vote just get them
get your friends say get over here
you're going to vote after all we have
been through together we stand on the
verge of the four greatest years in the
history of our
country with your help from now until
election day 12 days is that so much to
ask 12 days we will redeem America's
promise we will put America First and we
will take back the nation that we love
we're going to take it back from these
people that have no idea what they're
doing we are one people one family and
one glorious nation under God and we're
going to remember God they don't want to
remember
God we will never give in we will never
give up we will never back down and we
will never ever surrender together we
will fight fight fight and win win
win November 5th will be the most
important day in the history of our
country and together we will make
America powerful
again we will make America wealthy again
we will make America healthy again Bobby
Kennedy we will make America strong
again oh we're going to be strong we
will make America proud
again we will make America safe again
and we will make America great again
thank you Arizona God bless you