oh my gosh it's the middle of the week
and we're already this worked up I love
it hello
ASU oh man I love it this young
generation is coming around and they're
realizing that their future is on the
line and they're voting for president
Donald J Trump it's so awesome thank you
Jen Z we love you we love you everyone's
are you guys feeling it everyone's
coming around everyone we were just down
in Tucson in the most blue liberal part
of Tucson and I can't tell you how many
people came up and said I'm a Democrat
but I'm voting for Trump and I'm voting
for
Lake what was
happening something's happening and then
yesterday well I actually woke up this
morning and I found out yesterday one of
the more familiar Democrats was in town
and his name is Bill
Clinton hold on he I found out he
actually paid me a compliment he was he
was here campaigning for Ruben guo my
cop hating open
borders anti-woman
opponent and Bill Clinton he paid me a
compliment he said I was physically
attractive
I woke up to this news this morning
first of all uh you know what as a
middle-aged woman I'm flattered I'm
flattered okay I don't get those kind of
compliments every day um two I thought I
was a little too old for him doesn't he
like
interns
three I'm happily married to my husband
Jeff who's right down here the love of
my
life and
four nobody in their right mind wants to
cross Hillary Clinton it's just
dangerous no but actually I want to I
want to return a compliment to Bill
Clinton because I think he was the last
Democrat who actually talked about the
need to end illegal immigration now the
Democrat Party is open borders pro-
illegal immigration
out of control I was just on the border
in Yuma and you wouldn't yes we got some
Yuma go
Yuma you know the problem still exists
at the border they're trying to hide it
in the dead of night between 75 and 100
people are being funneled through the
border right where the Trump wall ends
and you know what the federal government
has done they put up a sign that
basically said hey we know we know
you're coming in illegally but let us
help you get into this country here's
the cbp1 app download it and we'll help
you find housing a job and we'll get you
set
up and we're paying for that our federal
government put that together but I got
news for them starting January of 25
that app works both ways now we know
where they are and we're going to send
them back to their loved
ones in 25 in January 25 we're going to
control that app and we're going to find
the people who've invaded our country
we're going to send them back home and
guess
what no more flying people into this
country in the dead of night no more
busting them into Arizona and all 20 and
all 50 states we're going to take those
planes and buses and we're going to send
them back to their Homeland because we
got to save our homeland
guys look my opponent my opponent is
absolutely open borders he co-sponsored
legislation to defund our police and
take away qualified immunity it was the
George Floyd legislation he marched and
defund the police rallies and called our
police officers
racist that's despicable and we know
that he has abandoned women and children
before he abandoned his wife when she
was days away from giving birth this is
not the kind of person we want in the
United States Senate we got to vote
Ruben gyo out of
office and we've got to vote for common
sense solutions that put you the
American citizen first and we're going
to do that starting in January 25 when
you vote for Donald J Trump and JD Vance
and when you vote for Carrie Lake for US
Senate
USA USA USA
USA okay before I leave this stage I got
to ask you one thing how many of you
voted early
already I need the rest of your hands to
come up when I ask this how many of you
are going to vote this
week we've got to vote early we cannot
have a traffic jam on Election Day we
can't have problems on election day get
out there and swamp the vote vote vote
vote vote vote
vote Arizona we are the state that can
send president Trump to the White
House we are the state that can give us
the majority in the US Senate and we are
the state that can save America I love
you I'm counting on you vote vote vote
vote
thank you
Arizona thank
you I love you